If a SAS company with a small marketing
team came to me and said, "Sam, we've
got 90 days to make SEO and AI search
work. We need to start crushing our
competitors and driving qualified
pipeline with organic search." This is
the exact sevenstep strategy that I'd
implement. In fact, at Breaking B2B, we
follow this exact strategy to help
dozens of B2B and SAS companies drive
millions in pipeline and revenue. So, we
know it works, right? The first step is
starting where you win already. It
sounds straightforward, yet so many B2B
and SAS companies cast such a wide net
when it comes to SEO, organic search,
and marketing in general. They try to
target too many prospects instead of
looking at what's working already. So
instead of trying to compete on
everything, we need to drill into our
unfair advantages. So think about things
like what are the aspects of our product
or solution that dream clients love the
most? What are the industries we've
historically sold really well into? What
are the use cases that are most relevant
for our product or solution? And what
are the most expensive, frustrating
problems these dream clients come to us
to fix and solve? So, the best way to
find the industries and use cases you've
historically sold well into is to do
just that. Look into your CRM, your
sales data. Look into those ones that
you sold well into that have got that
expensive problem that you fix and
motivated to fix it. Have cash to easily
invest in the offer. drive great revenue
and profit margins for your business and
you can see that you've considerably
sold a chunk into in the past. So maybe
that could be recruitment, it could be
HR, it could be fintech, it could be
sports, it could be something else. Go
through the data and see what makes
sense when it comes to those industries
and also those use cases. When it comes
to pulling the features and aspects of
your product or solution that customers
love the most, one of the best ways is
to listen into customer success or
support calls. So if you record those
calls with a tool like Fathom Gong or
similar, chuck those cool transcripts
into a tool like chat GPT and ask it to
pull up the most common things, the most
common patterns when you're talking
about features, use cases and similar.
So you can start looking for those
patterns and the things that are brought
up the most so you can really understand
those features, those requirements,
those aspects of your solution that
customers really, really desire, really
really find useful. So you can double
down on those. and to learn the
expensive, frustrating, bleeding neck
problems that your dream clients really
care about solving. Those stumbling
blocks, their jobs to be done, that
really critical information that's not
just useful for SEO and organic search.
It's super useful for your content
strategy in general, for your messaging,
for your ads so they can resonate and
hit home. I recommend diving into
prospecting calls, sales calls,
discovery calls. So whether that's your
own calls as the founder or from your
sales team from SDRs, your AES and
beyond. So you can pull a bunch of those
cool transcripts again throw them into
an AI tool and then ask them to dive
into when folks are talking about
specific problems, specific
frustrations, the impact of those
problems, what happens if they don't fix
them, and their desired outcomes. Then
you can look for the top three, four
juicy problems so you can start
leveraging them for your content
strategy, messaging, and much much more
because you know they're top of mind.
They're common for your ICP and they
need to be doubled down on. And the
reason we do this is it becomes the
foundation of the SEO, the organic
strategy, and it really should be the
foundation of your B2B marketing play in
general. Step two is building a moat
like none of your competitors have done
before. This is all about mapping out
the exact search terms, queries, or
prompts that your dream clients are
going to be searching for when they're
in buying mode, looking for your
solution or comparing you against other
vendors. So, we can capture that 5% of
the market that's in buying mode right
now. And one of my favorite ways to do
this is with a money keyword matrix.
Essentially, build out four main columns
within a Google sheet or spreadsheet.
Column one is every way that a dream
client can refer to your offer or your
solution. Column two is the industries
that you serve best. It goes back to our
research from step one. Column three is
the main competitors that always get
brought up in sales calls. And column
four is your dream clients problems,
frustrations, and jobs to be done. So to
give you an example, if we sold payroll
software, column one might be every way
someone can refer to our tools. So
payroll software, payroll platforms,
payroll tools, etc. Con two is the
industries that we have historically
sold well into. Have the problem we
solve, have the cash to get it done and
are motivated. That could be HR, it
could be education, it could be fintech,
it could be sports, it could be all
those other industries that make sense.
Column three is those competitors that
always get brought up. So we have a
client called check writers we work with
in the software space. Their competitors
might be ADP, paychecks and a bunch of
others. And then column four, what are
those expensive problems, issues, or
frustrations that could stop our dream
clients from making progress? And it
could be things like how to prevent
payroll fraud, how to manage bi-weekly
payroll, what's the safest way to pay
our HR company's employees. Those kind
of things, the questions, the queries,
the issues that are getting brought up
on sales calls time and again and have a
solid impact that will raise a business
case to invest in a solution like yours.
And then you'll build these into money
longtail keywords. So for example,
ranking for best payroll software is
going to be super competitive. So you
might chip away at that for a long term
with a landing page and possibly a
listical based article. But whilst
you're trying to do that in the shorter
term, you might rank using some of your
industries. So weaving in your payroll
term plus an industry i.e. best payroll
software for HR teams or best payroll
software for sales teams and so on. And
likewise the competitor strip of things
super good as we know most companies
evaluate three four vendors on a short
list before they buy or some folks will
be annoyed with our current vendor
looking for alternative solutions. So
they might search for things like
paychecks alternatives or ADP
alternatives or paychecks versus ADP or
ADP pricing. And those kind of articles
are great way to say look this is where
these competitors we hear them fall
short. This is an alternative solution
which is our product. This is why
customers choose us. Here's some case
studies of why folks switched over to
us. This is where we fall short, but
this is why a lot of folks opt to use
us. Here's some social proof, some more
client quotes, testimonials, and here's
a clear call to action to get in touch
or take a next step. And then likewise
on the problems, the jobs to be done.
The fourth column that's all about
saying, look, we know you're facing this
problem. So, how to prevent payroll
fraud. These are some ways in the
article you can talk about of how you
could cobble it together in house, but
this is going to take a lot of time,
energy, resource. The alternative is to
use a software or solution like ours.
We're going to save you this many hours
per week. Here's some feedback from real
clients on how much time we saved, how
many issues we saved them, and why they
didn't have to worry about any potential
black holes when it comes to legality
and and all those kind of issues and
worries that you leverage from customer
research within that article or page.
And then you can show your product as a
painkiller with plenty of product
imagery, gifts, examples, and showing
your aha moment of your solution or
product with a clear call to action for
the next stage. And the goal here is to
absolutely exhaust every single keyword,
search, or prompt that a dream client
might be searching for when they're
looking for a solution like yours.
Before I jump into step three, if you
lack the resources or expertise to
manage this in house, or you simply want
to fasttrack results without the trial
and error, grab a call with me over at
breaking B2B.com or hit the first link
in the description below. Right, back to
the video. Step three is crafting and
improving. So once we know these money
bottomunnel, high sales intent search
terms that we want to start ranking for,
we need to know the types of page that
we should build in order to rank
effectively. So one of the easiest ways
to do this is called understanding
search intent. So from a Google point of
view, that would be just googling some
of these money keywords and seeing what
type of page Google favors, aka what
tends to rank the most. Is it a listical
and that could be things like we
evaluated the top 10 payroll softwares
of 2025? Is it a landing page and that
could just be payroll software for HR
companies? Is it an article and that
might be more along the jobs to be done
problembased way i.e. how to prevent
payroll fraud or is it a different type
of page? So once you know the type of
page that Google favors, then I like to
use something called a blow out the
water strategy. So we don't tend to
overindex on technical SEO until sites
get to thousands of pages. And most B2B
tech and SAS companies tend to not have
that much content. They tend to be
pretty light on content. So, as long as
you've got a fast load speed and you
follow SEO basics, aka when it comes to
technical SEO, making sure things like
your money target keyword is within your
URL, making sure it's within your
metatitle and description. Making sure
you've only got one H1, one heading, one
tag that has that money keyword within
it. And then likewise, it's evenly
within your content, but you're not
stuffing it. You're naturally weaving it
in there. And your pages you build out
have four to five internal links to
relevant pages and vice versa. other
pages linking back to you, then that's
some of the main considerations I
recommend when it comes to technical
SEO. You're much better off focusing on
getting this commercial content out the
door. A quick thing to understand from
an LLM point of view is unlike Google
that pulls up website pages, LLMs
actually chunk content. So, they're
pulling bits and pieces of content from
various sources of the web. That could
be from web pages, that could be from
external thirdparty sites like Quora or
Reddit or even Wikipedia. So instead of
pulling information from one full web
page, they're bringing up insights from
various sources and sometimes those will
get cited and you'll be able to click
those small links externally. So, when
you're building out your pages,
especially if you want them to be found
easily by LLMs, you want to make sure
one, you're going through that money
keyword strategy that we talked about,
making sure you're covering every single
use case, industry, niche, and much more
that your prospects could be potentially
searching for. But by following the
blowout the water strategy, you can do
things like leveraging customer
research, making sure, for example, if
we're building out a landing page that
we're perhaps using the problem
agitation solution framework. So, as a
real example, perhaps we saw that what's
ranking well already is one of our
competitors landing page and maybe they
have a quick intro. They've got their
process, maybe a little bit of social
proof, a testimonial, then some light
FAQs. We might think, well, first and
foremost, let's leverage our customer
research here. So, we'll we'll give a
quick intro. We'll talk about you're
probably facing X, Y, and Z problems,
which is leveraged from our customer
sales and research calls. These are the
impact of not fixing it. This is what
happens if you don't get the job done.
This is exactly how our product or
solution is equipped to fix it. Here's
three examples and use cases. We'll walk
you through our process. At the top,
we've probably got a YouTube video
embedded, which tends to help with both
search and LLMs. They can pull those up
as well, kind of walking through the
process. We've got plenty of visuals of
our product or our solution clicking
into play that aha moment of when it
serves into play. We've got lots of
social proof of relevant customer case
study videos of why they chose us. They
were facing the exact pain point. We're
talking about the frustrations, the
impact of it, and why they eventually
kind of chose to work with us and the
advantage we've brought to the table. As
we scroll down, we've got more about our
process, features, why customers choose
us over competitors, and then an FAQ
section at the bottom, but not generic
FAQs. We're thinking about exact
customer problems, those juicy queries
that most companies are scared to
address. So, for example, on breaking
B2B on our SAS SEO agency landing page,
you might talk about things like, why
you so expensive? Why should we choose
you over another competitor? Do you p me
off to a junior account manager as soon
as you sell me? How long does it take?
Someone told me SEO takes 12 months. So,
addressing those expensive questions,
those tricky questions headon, cuz one,
that makes good search content, and two,
it speeds up sales cycles because you're
addressing those questions that folks
really care about. And remember, on
Google, someone might search for best
payroll software. But on an LLM like
chat GBT, they might type something
like, I'm a CMO at HR company. I've got
50 sales reps. I need this piece of
software with these features for this
use case. I need it with this timeline.
I need to compare three to four vendors
by price, functionality, and ratings.
Show me those top three vendors. So,
it's a lot more of an advanced prompt,
and that's why you need to really
exhaust all those potential use cases,
niches, features, and more when you're
building out pages and when you're
building out content for your website.
And make sure it's super well chunked up
so it's easy for tools to read through
and quickly get the information they
need. So, content split up with bullet
points, subsections. It's leveraging
that customer research. It's really
going into things that dream clients ask
for on sales calls all around problems
they might be encountering, use cases
they're looking to solve for, and making
sure it's really diving into all those
insights you've pulled from your
customer research. So, problems they
might be facing, issues they might be
encountering, use cases they might need,
features they might be searching for,
and much, much more. So, you have more
chance to be brought up for those
detailed queries. Plus, if you're able
to leverage things like unique research
stats or data, that's another thing that
LLM love to pull up. And last point here
and probably the quickest win is you
might already have existing pages that
are already ranking for some of these
money bottom offunnel keywords. So you
can use a tool like semrush or hrefs and
you can evaluate those pages that
already perhaps ranking at the bottom of
page one or maybe page two when it comes
to Google for some of these money terms
and those will be the quickest time to
value that you can get. So look at those
compare them to what's ranking already
and look for ways that you completely
blow those pages out the water. So maybe
it's a refresh, maybe it's adding in a
relevant YouTube video walkthrough,
maybe adding some more social proof.
Maybe if it's a landing page, for
example, you add some more FAQs,
answering real questions from sales
calls, maybe you dive into your process
a bit more. You chunk up the content so
it's easy for LLMs to pick up. You go
into more specific use cases, or if it
was a product list, like we evaluated
the top 10 payroll softwares of 2025,
maybe you add five more options. you're
probably going to position your tool
number one, but make sure you're pulling
insights from customers like the pros,
the cons they care about, the features
they specifically care about, why they
opt for you, again, some relevant social
proof, and much more so you can
completely blow out the water. Anything
that's being pulled up already. And step
four, and right now at the time of
recording, this seems to be an absolute
cheat code for LLMs and getting
visibility in LLM consistently, is
getting featured regularly in product
listicles. So to show you an example, if
I am to go to chat GPT and search for
best proposal
software as a quick example,
we can see my friends proposify
ranking nicely here. Our client
Proposify and we can see look if we look
at the sites that are mentioned that are
cited, I can see better proposals are
citing Proposify within their listicle.
So a comparison of the top 10. What else
have we got? We can see something from
Wikipedia. I can see another list of
call by Info Techch. Another one Smart
Vault, the top eight proposal software.
So, another list of call and then
Quiller 11 best proposal management
software tools for 2025. And this isn't
a one-off. Quite a lot of the time if
you're looking for high sales intent,
commercial terms, best X software, show
me the best X tools, show me the best X
agencies, could be service- based, it
could be softwarebased, could be
SASbased, all those kind of high sales
intent, bottom ofunnel terms. often
times they're pulling from product
listicles. So if you can be consistently
cited in these product listicles like
the top 10 softwares, top 10 agencies,
top 10 solutions, whatever is relevant
for your industry, it's almost a cheat
code to gain visibility in LLMs. So I'd
recommend reverse engineering it. Go on
to Chat GPT, go on to other LLMs, search
for as many different queries or prompts
around your category that have high
sales intent at the bottom of funnel as
possible. Look for those product
listicles, those articles, top 10, top
15, etc. that keep getting cited and
then look to reach out to them. Many of
these you'll be able to get featured on
without paying a dime by doing a value
exchange. So you can jump onto the the
article, the product list, reach out to
the author. I recommend using LinkedIn
if they're active on LinkedIn. So find
them on LinkedIn. I'm a big fan of
painfully short messages that peak the
curiosity gap. So let's pretend someone
called Sophie maybe wrote an article
we've just found. So I'd find her on
LinkedIn. I drop her a painfully short
connection request like, "Hey, Sophie,
had a weird idea for your proposals
article. Are you against the chat?"
Something painfully short like that that
peaks the curiosity gap. And then when
she connects, I probably have her
LinkedIn profile in the background. Then
maybe flick over to the article page
itself and just say, "Enjoyed this
article. Stumbled upon it recently.
Actually had a bit of a weird idea where
we could probably get some PR, get some
SEO, get some LLM optimization flowing
each other's way. So perhaps we could
feature you in our own article or guest
post or maybe we could feature you in
our podcast or something that's a value
exchange that's low lift. Whether it's a
guest article, whether it's adding you
to one of their list of calls, whether
it's maybe giving them a shout out on
LinkedIn, some kind of simple free value
exchange where you get featured in their
list and you give them something back.
And if you can do that process on a
consistent basis and also do it through
Google as well. So again, Google those
bottom funnel money search terms. Look
for all those listicles that keep being
cited. And if your brand name plus your
category can be consistently cited in
those listicles that are brought up both
on Google and LLMs, it's going to really
ramp up your visibility. Plus, I'd
recommend asking for a backlink to one
of your money keywords and pages. So you
almost get two hits. You get the SEO
value and you get the LLM value. And do
not forget building your own. So having
your own list of calls on your own
website. So all of those bestex
software, bestex agency, bestex solution
and so on, you own those for your own
website. So build out your own
listicles. By all means, feature your
own brand as number one, but don't slate
the other 9, 10 or more competitors.
Give a fair assessment of those. Make
sure you double down on your own
listing. So again, leverage customer
insights, why folks choose you, the
pros, the cons, maybe you add a bit
about pricing, but plenty of visuals of
your product in action, customer quotes
of why they chose you or why they
switched to you. and so on. And that
way, you're building more lines in the
water and you've got more chances for
that article to rank on both Google and
get picked up by the LLMs. And then at
step five, we've got leveraging past
media. There's a bunch of ways you can
do this, but one of my favorites is to
find the exec from your team. Maybe
that's your founder, marketing leader,
revenue leader, someone else, maybe it's
yourself who has done a lot of press, a
lot of podcast, guesting, maybe article
features or more in the past. grab their
LinkedIn profile URL, jump into a tool
like hrefs, copy and paste it in, hit
the back links tab within your SEO tool,
and then you can look at all the
websites that have linked specifically
to your execs LinkedIn profile. And I'd
probably filter those via domain rating.
So look at the most reputable sites
first and then look at the ones that are
actually relevant to your niche. You
don't really want to necessarily go on
ones that are not relevant at all. So
try and focus on ones with some solid
domain rating that are relevant to your
industry. And then what I'd do is I'd
probably make a quick spreadsheet or
quick list of the ones that are relevant
with a good domain rating. And I'd look
to reach out to them. So the good thing
is this can almost give you two hits in
one. Is LLM don't actually care about
backlinks so much. They care more about
brand mentions. So that's why listicles
are so great because the listicles are
about the best solutions for your
category. They'll mention the category
itself and then potentially your brand
name if you get a placement in them. And
this is a similar thing. So if you've
got articles that are relevant to your
niche, if you can see that those
articles are already linking to your
exec's LinkedIn profile, then again, you
can do that outreach strategy we talked
about earlier. Find whoever the author
was, reach out to them with that
painfully short message, then a
customized loop or just a customized
message. And you can do a similar
strategy to what we talked about before
in terms of outreach. You can say,
"Thanks very much for including our exec
in this recent page. wonder if you could
do a quick tweak and actually mention
our category and our brand. So in the
proposal software space it might be
proposify are a proposal software tool
or proposal software platform and then
you can also request a backlink. So you
get two hits and one you get the brand
mention to help with LLMs and you also
get the backlink to give some SEO juice
from a Google organic point of view and
this is one of the quickest wins that I
know to get both solid back links and
brand mentions. It's one of the fastest
ways to make it happen. In at six, we've
got control the narrative. So, LLMs and
Google, they love to site sites like
Reddit and Quora. In fact, I think Quora
is one of the most cited websites on
LLMs as it stands. So, a great tip here
is to make a process whereby someone
from your team checks each day or
there's plenty of tools that you can set
up whereby you get alerts when there's
relevant threads, subreddits, etc. to
your niche. So ours might be when
anyone's asking queries around SAS SEO,
B2B SEO, B2B SAS SEO, someone's maybe
asking for recommendations on a B2B SAS
SEO agency or so on. We can then look to
find those subreddits and be genuinely
valuable. You don't want to be too
salesy at all. You want to actually be
useful, answer questions, leverage your
past experience, and mention your brand
where relevant, but probably not
relevant each and every time. And the
good thing about that is if you are able
to mention your brand, those can then
get pulled up in LLMs and be cited quite
a bit. You'll see those in results. And
likewise, they can be pulled up on
Google. And a similar tactic for Quora.
Another one here is to get your founder
or maybe yourself or someone else from
your team to start guesting on niche
relevant podcast. A site that I plug a
bunch on here is listen.com.
Love that site cuz you can literally
just type in one of your target
industries or target niches. So for
mine, if I type B2B marketing, I can see
the top shows that fall under the B2B
marketing niche. Yours might be
something completely different, whether
that's fintech, finance, healthcare,
whatever's relevant to your target
audience that might be that they might
be tuning into. Type that in and then
you can filter to the top shows within
that industry. So for example, in B2B
marketing, I can see the breaking B2B
podcast, our show listed top there. And
then you can see all the shows. You can
see the top 10, 5, 2, 1% shows, and you
can also see who hosts them. And then
you can do a very similar strategy to
the outbound strategy we talked about
before with the unusual message and then
customize Loom video once they accept on
LinkedIn or whatever channel's relevant.
So do a very similar thing but instead
talk about their podcast, the value that
you could add to the show, why they
should consider you and then for all of
those make make a cadence of applying to
five 10 of these each week. You get a
decent hit rate if you followed that
customized strategy that we outlined for
the outbound strategy. And then why
bother? Well, podcasting gives you so
many hits in one. One, it exposes you to
their audience so you can get more
following both on your social, maybe
your newsletter and so on. It builds
thought leadership so you become
trusted. If someone's listening or
watching you for 20, 30, 40 minutes, it
builds up that extra layer of trust.
Thirdly, when the host of the show
actually publishes the podcast article,
you can get two hits. So you can get a
backlink to one of your money pages and
keywords. Also ask for a brand mention,
so your company and your category and
that can give you a hit, a little uptick
on the LLMs. And you can even get direct
leads, demos, and signups by featuring
on these shows. We've had a bunch of
booked calls for breaking B2B just by me
featuring on relevant B2B marketing and
SAS marketing shows and try and be as
useful, helpful as possible when it
comes to sharing SEO SAS marketing and
B2B marketing tips that's working today.
And last point on this step, if you have
the resources and you have the time, got
to think about setting up your own
podcast and YouTube channel. So you can
start appearing one when folks are
searching for solutions, questions,
problems, etc. around your niche. You
can start showing up both on YouTube and
on the podcast channels to be a useful
resource to start building trust and
mind share in your category over time.
And you can also use these podcasts as a
bit of an ABM, an accountbased marketing
play, whereby you set up interviews with
your target account list. You look to
build a relationship with those and over
time, some of those might become
prospects or even referral partners or
much, much more. Plus, having your own
YouTube show or podcast becomes a big
content marketing flywheel because that
asset can then source a bunch of media
off the back of it. I.e., you can chop
the long form video up for short clips
on social. Your guests can then share
it. You can share it. You can then make
a dedicated article and blog post on it.
You can chop it up into custom quotes,
visuals, sliders for LinkedIn, and so
much more. Now, step seven is the most
important thing to bear in mind,
especially if you want to see impact as
quick as 90 days from publishing
content, and that is speed. Speed will
help you beat the slowm moving giants in
your sector. So, why should you think
about speed? Well, on the flip side, a
lot of the giant competitors, the
mid-market and enterprise monsters,
those giant competitors your industry,
whilst they might take up market share,
they tend to move pretty slow when it
comes to an SEO, organic, and content
marketing play. Reason being is they
have multiple levels of management,
legal, finance, and much more approvals
and hoops to jump through. If you're a
smaller, scrappier, agile, leaner
marketing team, you can get stuff done
way quicker. So, as an example, if a
mid-market enterprise or beyond company
wanted to build out a new content
strategy and maybe make some new page
updates or publish some net new pages,
there might be layers that they need to
go through to get keyword research
approval or topic approval, approve the
copy for the page, eventually approve
the designs, eventually pass it through
to the web team. Then, that's all got to
be checked, and it might be months until
a page actually gets published. And
here's your advantage. as a smaller,
faster moving, lean marketing team, you
can do all this way, way quicker. So,
you can go through all these seven steps
we've talked about, working out exactly
who you should be targeting, those main
features, those industries, those use
cases, those problems, working out where
you want to win, those money keywords
and prompts, working out the type of
pages and content you need to build,
blowing any existing content out of the
water, leveraging past media, getting
featured on those list schools. You can
do this at a cadence that's way quicker
than the slowmoving giants. So set up
something at a quick pace that your team
can stick to. Whether that's publishing
or updating X amount of pages per week
that follows this process, applying to X
amount of podcast or building out X
amount of listicles or featuring on X
amount of listicles or so on. And if you
can do this aggressively, this is how
you can start chipping away at those big
competitors, especially if you're trying
to fight off a smaller segment. So, they
might be winning in certain industries,
but with your content strategy, you
might be chipping away at industries
that they're neglecting. And this works
especially well if there's specific
industries, niches, or use cases that
the giant competitors are neglecting.
Because by doing this all aggressively,
the content, the brand mentions, the
link building side, the press side, you
can start chipping away there and you
can start getting ahead of them both in
Google organic search and visibility in
the LLMs. And this is going to build a
compounding effect. you're going to get
more and more lines in the water both on
Google organic and LLMs with all the new
content and content updates and PR and
link building brand mentions that you're
building out. But that evergreen effect
where you show up not just now but
weeks, months, and years later, that
content's giving evergreen long-term
value. And unlike paid media, you don't
need to pay for every single click
regardless of the outcome. So, if you
follow this sevenstep framework, you'll
be in good shape to start seeing impact
as fast as 90 days from your SEO and
organic marketing strategy. However, if
you lack the expertise or lack the
resources in house and you want to start
fasttracking SEO and LLM visibility,
inbounds pipeline, and revenue for your
business, then why not grab a call with
me over at breakingb2b.com. We can chat
through your business, where you're at,
where you'd like to get to, and see if
we're a good fit to start ramping up
pipeline from SEO and AI search. That's
breaking b2tb.com or hit the link in the
description below. Or if you're not
ready, why not try my 90 days to revenue
SEO playbook. Head over to breakingb.com
and hit that newsletter tab to unlock it
instantly. Or you can try out the
Breaking B2B podcast for hundreds of
interviews with SAS marketing leaders as
well as SEO and B2B marketing tips and
strategies. And with that, I shall catch
you on the next one. Cheers.